yo is a sweet tooth and McDonald's today
it got me a big mac recently I was
introduced to new channel the sx animal
dudes a beast he get stuff done likes to
eat and likes to film that's I'm here to
do today I guess this challenge has been
kind of floating around the one-bite Big
Mac hadn't seen one yet tell I washed
yes six animals you got it done already
got it done now it's my turn to do the
damn thing this is sweet tooth and this
is the one bite Big Mac there should be
one meat to meat cheese lettuce another
bun this will squeeze and go
allows we get quite almost choked myself
out there but tasty bite nonetheless
only had three minutes for us today that
worked that well I'm a sweet tooth check
out the sx animal subscribing like his
stuff he gets down check out the sweet
tooth I got tons of contact coming up I
wrote our list this morning need over
the next couple of weeks i'm gonna be
uploading tons of content to my channel
all kinds of good shit we also got the
the joke them up thingamabob saltine
international whatever the fuck you want
to call it coming up and that's got the
freaky internati red is going to
participate macho gosh there's tons of
people going to jump up on that one get
in on it it's going to be a good time
those international ones are a lot a
great way to get some subscriptions and
get your channel out there I'm a sweet
tooth sub like coming me a comment I do
things whatever you ask I do please